[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One of the
greatest mysteries to this day
is the tale of the great island
civilization of Atlantis.
Many of the people I interview
refer to this civilization,
but seldom talk about
its exact location.
Some of the most
credible research
indicates that Plato
left clear clues.
Byron Belitsos, publisher of
books about the Urantia work
and a book on the
discovery of Atlantis
is here to discuss
the possibilities.
And this is-- I've
really looked forward
to this, because I love
the subject of Atlantis.
I love all the
different theories
about its civilizations.
I love the varying timelines,
possible locations.
This really gets me
juiced up, so I'm
very happy to have you here
talking with us about it.
>>BYRON BELITSOS: Great to be
back, Regina, and let's dive
deep.
>>REGINA: Let's go.
Let's start with Plato
and the stories that were
passed on to him through Solon.
How Solon came into contact
with that information.
>>BELITSOS: Solon was
one of the great teachers
of the Athenians, but he was
also the lawgiver of Athens.
And he precedes
Plato by 200 years.
What happened is he
had to get out there,
because they had come to him.
They said, well,
you're the sage.
We are in chaos.
Give us laws.
So Solon gave them laws
and a constitution.
And then he figured, I
better get out of here,
because they're going to
come to me for revision,
and I'm not going
to revise this.
So he took a voyage
to Egypt, and that's
how this all got started.
He went to Egypt to do
research and stay away
for 10 years from Athens.
So this was a
wonderful opportunity
for somebody in the
Greek civilization
to find out about the Egyptian
knowledge, wisdom, and history.
So the legend is that
he was given a download
by Egyptian priests
that they wanted
to transmit to the Greeks.
And who better than
Solon to do that.
Solon came back with a
story that was handed down
to the family, his family,
which Plato's family was
related to Solon's family.
So kind of private knowledge
that was handed down.
And so then he publicized it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's go back a
little bit to Solon.
So my understanding
is that it's not
as though he spoke with
a priest in a temple.
He traveled Egypt and met
with various high priests
in various regions, cities,
temples, and so forth,
and kept getting,
essentially, the same story.
>>BELITSOS: He got this story
of this island that was--
>>REGINA: And let's
talk about where
their information came from.
OK?
>>BELITSOS: I don't think
Plato exactly tells you
where that comes from, so
that's more speculative
as to where it comes from.
It's in their records.
>>REGINA: And even
today, I mean,
the Egyptian-- what's left
behind by the Egyptians
still appears to be some of
the best resourced information
about ancient human history.
And some would say that that was
passed on through tribes that
had migrated out of Atlantis
into the very early days
of Egypt and passed down.
>>BELITSOS: Right.
>>REGINA: OK, so
let's go with that.
>>BELITSOS: So my contention is
that Atlantis is actually Eden.
So Eden, according to this
book, "Discovery of Atlantis,"
is on Cyprus, but it moved
to a second location,
which is Mesopotamia.
So they're right next
door to the Egyptians.
So that culture that
they built, which
I'm going to tell you about,
precedes the Egyptians-- well,
depending when the Egyptians
say-- the Egyptian dynasties
start when?
When would we say?
When would you like to say?
15,000 BC?
So this is double that.
So that culture which comes
down as a Sumerian culture
much, much later, also comes
down as the Egyptian culture
much later.
So the source
civilization, rather
than being in the
Atlantic, according
to many, which is something
we need to look at,
it would be right next door.
That's where Atlantis is.
So there are really
two Atlantis locations.
One in Cyprus, this sunken
land, and then the movement
of that group, because of
warfare, to Mesopotamia.
So then those legends,
which, for example,
Isis and Osiris is related
to what I want to get into,
which is Adam and Eve.
So Adam and Eve, Eden,
equals Atlantis in this view.
So it's controversial
to say that,
but we have
archaeological evidence
that they're the same thing.
Now, folks would say that
Atlantis is even further back.
That's definitely
important to look at
and to see the archeological--
>>REGINA: We'll
get to that later.
But let's look at the core part
of this work and the passed on
knowledge from Solon and
some of the evidence based
on the work of
"Critias" and so forth.
>>BELITSOS: So in the
"Critias" and in the "Timaeus,"
it gives you really
amazing detail
that nobody would want
to do if you're Plato.
I mean, or anybody.
Just say, why would you-- if
you're making an allegory,
it doesn't work as an allegory.
Because I mean, Plato
did a lot of allegories,
but this doesn't
work as an allegory,
even though the scholars
say, oh, well, it's
sort of like an allegory.
It's serves as just an
entertaining diversion.
>>REGINA: No, there's too much
technology, too much detail.
I mean, it was an
historical rendering.
>>BELITSOS: It gives
you the length and width
and what kind of minerals
and what kind of mountains
and where the ocean was.
So all that stuff
sounds like he's
transmitting to
future generations
this important legend that came
down in his family from Solon.
So we actually
identified 50 clues
that come out of the "Critias,"
mainly, and also "Timaeus."
But specifics about flora
and fauna and temperature
and latitude and all
that sort of thing.
And what's the match?
So people say,
well, he says it's
on the other side of
the Pillar of Hercules.
So that would be between
Rock of Gibraltar,
there, where Spain meets Africa.
But there's another
possible Pillar of Hercules,
which is in the Bosphorus.
On the other side
of the Bosphorus,
meaning in the
Mediterranean, in what we
consider to be where this is,
which is Eastern Mediterranean.
So that's a
reinterpretation of that.
So the fact that people-- they
interpret that as meaning it
has to be in the Atlantic.
But we have an
alternate interpretation
that is more plausible
in terms of what
actually happened in the area.
And all this stuff
we're talking about,
the Egyptians, the
Sumerians, and the Greeks,
and the Assyrians, well, they're
not near the Atlantic Ocean.
So how is it that these
primitive people navigated
all the way from the Atlantic
Ocean, came through this area,
through the Straits,
past Sicily, past Greece,
and then get all the
way over to Mesopotamia?
Why would they do-- what
would be the purpose of that?
So I haven't heard
an answer to that.
But--
>>REGINA: Well, we can get
into that in a little bit.
Because I have some things I'll
bring up and toss out to you
on that.
But meanwhile, let's
talk about some
of those 50 clues that
have been left behind.
So let's launch into Eden,
Atlantis, location, clues,
similarities, what's
left in the Bible, so on.
>>BELITSOS: A lot
of stuff there.
So in the "Critias,"
we can't list all 50,
but there's very
prominent things,
such as the island was
rectangular or mainly east-west
in its appearance.
And then there was an
island with high mountains
that jutted out of the
sea that are igneous.
And then there was a
plain in a low, flat area
adjacent to that,
which is facing south,
and there's high mountains
all the way around the north
and also the south.
And in this valley, this flat
plain, there's a mountain.
Actually, it's a large
hill, where the temple was,
or the Acropolis Hill,
as Plato called it.
So everything I just mentioned
is a near perfect match
to Cyprus.
Cyprus has all those
characteristics, including it
has a very equable temperature.
It's moderate, and there are
mountains to the north which
block cold air coming down.
So Plato actually
mentioned that.
And there's mountains to
the north part of Cyprus
that block cold
air that come down.
So this south-facing
plain, he said
was 330 equivalent of
miles by 220 miles.
So we think there's
an error there,
because the plain that
we see is 33 by 22.
So it's exactly one tenth.
So we identified-- not me,
but the author of the book
discovered Atlantis,
over many years
got maps to identify a
place like this that he
thought was there.
And he's looking there
because "The Urantia Book"
says this is where Eden was.
It doesn't say that's
where Atlantis was.
But we didn't want to go
public about "The Urantia
Book," since it's so obscure.
So we said it was Atlantis.
So that's why we called it
"Discovery of Atlantis."
So we're radical in which
we say, Atlantis is Eden.
And other clues
it had, he said it
had minerals like gold
and silver and copper.
Cyprus has a lot of
gold, silver, and copper.
Cyprus means copper.
The word kypros means copper.
There's a lot of copper.
And the copper ingots
that came out of Cyprus
are something that were given as
gifts to the Egyptian pharaohs
coming out of Cyprus.
So Cyprus is interesting in
that it matches myth as well.
So the mythic aspect
of this, that Aphrodite
was born out of the
waves of Cyprus,
and Adonis, who was her consort.
And the two of them are like
fertility deities, right?
I mean, particularly Aphrodite.
And the Urantia version
states that this
is Adam and Eve's location.
This is where Eve is.
Now, it's not the
biblical Adam and Eve
who are the first family.
There had already been humans
for about a million years,
so they had progressed
quite a bit.
And so the story that
I tell states this.
That there's a certain point
in the evolution of a people
where they need a
genetic tweaking.
>>REGINA: Which we talked about
in our transhumanist show, yes.
>>BELITSOS: And that is when
the universe will notice, will
note this, and will send
these biological up lifters
that happen to be
called Adam and Eve.
But it's interesting that every
planet gets an Adam and Eve.
So a normal planet
in a typical timeline
will get these celestial
beings that incarnate.
So back to Aphrodite and Adonis.
They're there on that
same south coast.
That's where the
Cypriots believe
she was born from the
waves of the south coast.
And what "The
Urantia Book" says is
that south coast is where
that flat plain is where
a beautiful female
and a gorgeous male
incarnated out of the blue.
They had been prepared
for thousands of years.
Certain high humans, actually
transhumans you might say,
knew this was coming, and they
prepped the Garden of Eden
for the reception
of the biological
up lifters, Adam and Eve.
So when we call
this Atlantis, we
say that the legend
of Atlantis, which
is a source civilization
of more advanced thinkers
who were more attractive,
more beautiful,
and had better technology.
We believe that
Eden is that idea
of the Urantia version of Eden.
It's the same idea.
So what you get then
is a divine couple
that, like in pagan versions
of fertility deities,
interbreed with the population.
But this is a planned
and orderly procedure,
which is really a
scientific-like splicing
of genes from off-planet
source into human genetic pool.
Well, so in the last hour,
we talked about the default
of Adam and Eve.
Adam and Eve failed
in their task.
However, it was not
exactly their fault,
because we talked about
the previous regime,
the previous intervention,
which defaulted as well.
And the reason it defaulted
was the Lucifer rebellion,
which was a rebellion
of the angels overseeing
all of this who were inputting
their perverted ideas
onto the planet to the leaders
of the original intervention
in Mesopotamia.
So it's complicated.
So I'm going to summarize
it a second time, if I may.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Just briefly, and then we'll
launch back to Atlantis.
>>BELITSOS: So in
the last hour, we
examined that there was a
previous intervention 500,000
years ago of 100 avatars who
were not sent to interbreed,
but sent to taught basic skills
of civilization and arts,
as well.
The Lucifer rebellion happened
in the middle of that activity.
And by that time,
they had a large city
near the Persian Gulf, right on
the coast of the Persian Gulf.
That entire project was
disrupted, because they
departed from the basic plan.
>>REGINA: Was that Dalamatia?
>>BELITSOS: And that's
known as Dalamatia.
So Dalamatia has remnants in
an area called Dilmun, which
is known to archaeologists.
This area where Dilmun
is now identified
as being a very
ancient civilization
is north of where Dalmatia
was, which is under the waves,
like 200,000 years ago.
So that civilization failed
to generate-- to do, actually,
its job, which was to create a
civilization that was existing
and sustainable in the region
where Adam and Eve would come,
where they would find a
relatively advanced culture
in which to do this
cross breeding.
So they came down
into an area they were
planning to come all that time.
They came down to something
that was primitive, warlike,
ignorant, backward, without
the arts and culture
of civilization.
There were a primitive tribes.
But Adam and Eve needed to come,
because this is the evolution
of the genetic pool of humans.
So the genetic--
the genome of humans
has progressed now four
billion years, really.
Well, life was
planted after that,
but progressed all this
time, hits a plateau,
and needs an
off-planet injection.
So that this is the
Adam and Eve mission.
Their race is known
as the Violet race.
So the Violet race sounds
odd, but imagine now,
we have colored
races on the planet.
We've got red, we've got Native
Americans with the red man.
We've got so-called
"yellow" Asians and Chinese.
white Caucasian.
So they're colored races.
And there's even a
kind of a green race,
according to "The Urantia Book,"
which is in southern India.
There's a green tinge.
>>REGINA: Green tinge
to the skin, yeah?
>>BELITSOS: To the skin, and
you can actually see that.
So there were the colored races.
And now this is a colored race
being brought from off-planet.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now this triggers
a couple things.
I mean, not only skin,
but you could also
be looking at the
field of a person.
It could be that they were
casting off a violet light,
but also the notion of Hindu.
Krishna, blue.
>>BELITSOS: Blue, yeah.
>>REGINA: Blue.
And then also, and
other people I've
heard that have gone
into very ancient times
in past life regressions,
there were bluish tinted skins
of the people.
So I mean, all this,
I'm just saying,
in validating from
many odd sources
that violet or
blue skin would not
be out of possibility,
range of possibility.
>>BELITSOS: There
was purportedly
a blue race, according
to "The Urantia Book."
So there were the three primary
and three secondary colors.
So it's just a very
slight emanation.
And also, the skin color itself.
There was a hue that was
emanating from of a field
effect around the skin.
And the blue was a
fairly advanced race.
It went into Europe mainly,
but it was Caucasian, really,
the source Caucasian
group is known as blue.
So the Caucasus
are close to India,
so maybe that's why
Krishna is blue.
The so-called blue man
had characteristics
that we now identify as European
mixed with the Adamic violet
and other contributors which
are too complicated to get into.
It would be a whole show.
And this is the racial theories
of "The Urantia Book," which
are quite controversial,
but very detailed
and can be checked out.
And I'm saying, geneticists can,
and some have, begun to verify
or not these theories
of the colored races.
So anyway, coming
back to Adam and Eve,
you've got this violet,
which is a higher vibration,
so to speak.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is, yeah.
>>BELITSOS: And it's
more advanced genetics,
which is going to confer on
you a better cognition, better
immune system and more
creativity, more humor.
Art, creativity, is
conferred by the genetics.
So the idea that
the celestials have
is to import this
into the genetic pool,
because the mutations that are
natural that are constantly--
the novelty is
constantly bubbling up,
doesn't contribute sufficiently
amounts of these kind
of superhuman traits.
Because this is getting
to be super biological,
superhuman in a way.
So nature is not going to
contribute that kind of genius.
That has to be imported.
But we should be nice to
nature, because nature
has done a lot of great things.
It evolved eyes
and ears and bodies
that are beautiful,
and so did a lot.
>>REGINA: And
still spontaneously
combusting from time to time
into beautiful new creations.
>>BELITSOS: And there's still
novelty in genetic evolution.
But very, very minor compared
to what happened in the past.
Compared to what we can
do in genetic manipulation
with transhuman
experimentation, and
compare to injections of gene--
>>REGINA: Foreign DNA.
>>BELITSOS: --from the outside,
either by Adam and Eve type
beings or by extraterrestrials,
which of course you've
covered on your show here.
That ET hybridization
is quite far along,
according to some people.
So--
>>REGINA: We're all somewhat
of a product of that.
>>BELITSOS: We're probably
a product of that.
And so this gives-- The Urantia
account gives two big periods
of genetic intervention.
The first one was not
supposed to happen.
That's the one we covered
before with the Nodites.
Secondly is the Adamic
injection, much later.
And then there's a
blending of those two
groups, so-called
Nodites and the Adamites.
And that blending
is in Mesopotamia
in the period after
Adam and Eve's garden,
the so-called
Second Garden, which
is right at the mouth of
the Tigris and Euphrates--
which is exactly where
Sumeria was later,
35,000 years later-- is where
this blending-- first of all,
the Adamic children
and their bloodline,
the pure line violet children,
are emanating from the garden
site.
Then, over eons of time--
well, thousands of years--
they're moving out on purpose,
migrating and intermarrying
with the natives.
But they also run
into the Nodites,
who are quite nearby
in settlements,
and they're hostile.
But they forget the past,
and they just interbreed.
So this interbreeding goes
over 35,000 to 15,000 BC
of a massive intermarrying of
natives, Nodites, and Adamites
in this area.
And then begins what
modern anthropologists
and archaeologists can
refer to as migrations
from that area that lead
to modern civilization
and also lead to
civilization in the area.
As the Sumerian or
the pre-Sumerians,
Egyptians went right nearby,
and Assyrians north of that.
And in Turkey,
Turkmenistan, there
are civilizations now because
of the Gobekli Tepe finding,
which correlates
beautifully with this.
But that's further-- much
further north in Turkey,
is how did they get there.
How did advanced--
>>REGINA: Right.
Whole other story, which
I will be doing. [LAUGHS]
>>BELITSOS: It's helpful
for this too, as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
So now let's look at
everything you've just said,
and the inter breeding of these
people, the timeline, and then
the island of Atlantis,
with the concentric circles.
And now getting
into the being known
as Poseidon and the
rest of that story,
and how these cross over.
>>BELITSOS: So yeah.
Let's shuttle back to the
advent of Adam and Eve
in this location, which
is now sunken land which
is adjacent to the
current day Cyprus, which
is a peninsula that sticks
out from Syria, back then.
So this peninsula is 27
miles wide at the neck.
That is where it joins in
with current day Syria,
according to "The Urantia Book."
And then the land there
is the exact location
of Atlantis City.
Of course, they call it Eden.
We can call it Atlantis City.
This is where they incarnate.
Already present
there are thousands
of miles of canals
and roads that
were built by those who
were told this was coming.
So that took a lot of faith
for these progenitors.
>>REGINA: And these
were supposedly somewhat
sophisticated structures.
>>BELITSOS: Well, for that time.
>>REGINA: Not necessarily--
I mean for that time, yes.
>>BELITSOS: Yeah, pretty
much for that time
and artistically
beautiful structures.
And the direction of that
is a different story.
Who this is, Timothy
Wyllie tells that story.
And this is someone named Van.
And we can get into
it if you want.
>>REGINA: Get into the good guy.
I mean, Caligastia--
Van's the other guy.
>>BELITSOS: He's the other guy.
So Van supervises this.
Van's a superhuman that's
still a resident on earth
and an immortal.
So he's overseeing this.
And when Adam and
Eve get here, he's
completed with his mission, and
he's removed from the planet.
So by the time they
get there, they
have all of this infrastructure
for this huge city which would
be nothing but their children.
So natives were also present
as workers and participants
on the island.
But the children were not
to interbreed with them.
The children were to be a
quantity of 500,000 children
to be generated.
Now, this is--
they're intermarrying,
so it's like a kind of
incest, but it's benign.
And they're building up progeny
and children, grandchildren,
down many generations,
until we get 500,000.
Then they would
migrate out and they
would be the most
attractive peoples
anyone had ever
seen, because they
come from Adam and Eve, who
were this gorgeous couple
with incredible
attributes and traits.
And their children would have
the same attributes and traits.
And anybody would want
to intermarry with them.
So they would spread throughout.
They would be like
biological missionaries.
And so as they met the
different cultures, all the way
to the Pacific, all the
way up to the England,
et cetera, South America, South
Africa, they would intermarry,
and all those colored races
would blend into a single race.
And so according to "The
Urantia Book," on every planet
you have colored
races until you have
an intermarrying
of the violet race
over many thousands of years
with the indigenous races.
So you have the natural
races, colored races,
then you have this super race
that blends with all of them.
And its genetics are such that
you get a lot of diversity
in the pool, because you've
got the native characteristics
and traits--
>>REGINA: Which are necessary
for survival on that planet.
>>BELITSOS: Which are
necessary for that environment.
But they're diverse because
there's different colors.
There's black,
there's red, there's--
>>REGINA: All adapted
for whatever purpose
of that region, yes.
>>BELITSOS: For
where they were at.
So in genetics, you want to have
massive-- a lot of blending,
because that gives the best
traits the best chance to--
>>REGINA: Kind of like a mutt?
They always say the
mutts are the strongest.
>>BELITSOS: Yeah, because
they get the best traits.
Because this is
how genetics works,
is the more adaptive traits
are what get expressed.
And so you want this.
So this is a
biological plan, not
something that we get
in the Bible, which
is all about religion and
about them doing bad stuff
and being thrown
out of the garden
because they disobeyed God.
Well, they kind of did,
but in metaphorical sense.
But it's really just biology.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now, again, who's
Poseidon in this mix?
Because I want to get us
back into where these beings
you're talking about, the
500,000 now, their species
had been propagated throughout
the region and beyond.
Where does Poseidon come in?
Where does the city and
Poseidon's son and Atlantis?
>>BELITSOS: Just a
quick correction.
They never got to 500,000.
>>REGINA: They didn't.
That was the plan, but
they didn't get there.
>>BELITSOS: Yeah.
The plan collapsed.
>>REGINA: Oh, the
plan collapsed?
OK.
>>BELITSOS: They
got to thousands.
Several-- some thousands.
Poseidon is a mythic
figure who carries
a trident with three prongs.
And the trident, in
our interpretation,
represents the three continents
that are adjacent to Cyprus;
Africa, Asia,
Eurasia, and Europe.
So that's how we see it.
>>REGINA: OK.
And that particular--
when we're talking
about that mythological
figure and his overlay
and then the divvying up
of the land by the sons,
how does that metaphorically
factor into the Urantia
work and the Bible and
so forth about the place
known as Atlantis?
>>BELITSOS: Atlantis slash Eden.
>>REGINA: Slash Eden.
>>BELITSOS: So I
don't exactly know
how Poseidon plays in
this as a mythic figure,
but it's more
interesting to look
at the divine
goddess/god pairings.
Isis and Osiris,
Inanna and Dumuzid--
>>REGINA: The same story repeats
throughout all the religions
in history.
>>BELITSOS: All through them.
Krishna and Radha, et cetera.
So it's a divine pair.
And often, they're fertile
deities, as we mentioned.
And they are interbreeding
in many of these myths.
So this says, yes,
they really were there.
So they defaulted because
of a complicated story.
But I'll tell it in brief form.
>>REGINA: I like
complicated stories.
>>BELITSOS: So the bad
guys are the Nodites.
They're next door in Syria
and all through that area.
And there are Nodite
tribes that are friendly.
tribes that are unfriendly.
And they're under the
awesome aegis of Caligastia
who is this invisible being who
channels stuff to the priests.
So he's channeling
to the priests,
go to war against your neighbor.
Because he loved warfare.
Why?
Because warfare causes progress,
technological progress.
>>REGINA: Through competition.
>>BELITSOS: Through competition.
This is the Caligastian way.
Warfare-- and we
see it even now.
We have a lot of
technological spin-offs
from military research.
So there's something to that.
But it's just pure
technology without ethics.
And that's the point.
So he's-- back in
these ancient times,
he's literally trying
to foment warfare.
He also resents the fact that
the Galactic government has
sent intruders Adam and Eve.
The Galactics--
"The Urantia Book"
calls them something else, but
let's call them Galactics--
are intruding on his fiefdom.
This is my planet.
I've taken it over.
This is his corrupt
mind speaking.
I'm going to stop them.
I mean, I can't stop
them from incarnating,
because that's done
by higher forces,
but I'm going to
mess up their plan.
So he actually appears to them.
He has the ability to
do that to Adam and Eve.
And he says, look, Adam
and Eve, you're stuck here.
I mean, you-- I'm stuck
here and you're stuck here.
This isn't going to work.
Don't you see?
I mean, look around you.
This is all warfare
and primitive tribes.
But these are my people, so
don't mess with my people.
So here's what you ought to do.
You ought to follow me, and
let me tell you what to do,
and we'll accelerate evolution.
Yeah, there will be
conflict, but that's good.
And they said, absolutely no.
No, we're not going to do this.
So he withdraws.
So then he tries kind
of a flank attack.
And he gets a tribesman
nearby in a friendly tribe
to seduce Eve.
But it took him
years of dialogue
with Eve to say, look, Eve.
You see this thing
is not working.
You've got, what,
150 children here.
I think it's 115 children.
And we're not getting anywhere.
Right?
And she goes, well, yeah.
It's pretty rough.
Pretty rough.
Because there were tribes that
were trying to fight them.
They had this big wall
between them and the Nodites.
It 's a huge wall,
which we may discover.
And they were trying to
penetrate the defenses of Eden
and Atlantis.
So she decides to
attempt to improvise
and decides to interbreed with
this beautiful tribesperson
and comes out of this episode
realizing she'd made a mistake.
So the Bible tells the
story of Eve eating
of the tree of good and evil.
Well, it's that she actually
interbred outside the plan.
Now, I'll tell you why
this is not a good idea.
Because if you created
a bloodline outside
of this restricted
area, that could
become analogous to what
the Nazis were trying
to do, to create a master race.
What if she did send her genes
through many different suitors
in that tribe, and then suddenly
they had these supermen?
Then these supermen would
say, hey, we should take over.
Then you'd have warfare.
You'd have a master race.
So the divine plan, learned from
millions of previous planets,
is to create so many children
that they spread out totally
throughout the world
evenly and equally.
Therefore, you don't
easily get a master race.
>>REGINA: A super
race, so to speak.
>>BELITSOS: You don't
get a super race.
So Hitler is pulling
from ancient legends--
>>REGINA: Well, he was
very much a devotee
of the fables of Atlantis.
>>BELITSOS: Very much so.
And so this is
part-- out of this
he gets this perverted notion
of the Aryan race, which
is a master race, which
is really the Nodite
tradition, that we are
seeing a superior race.
And technically, they
were genetically superior.
But they are pre-Aryan.
Aryans were much later.
But still, the Aryans,
so-called Aryans, are-- I mean,
there's really such
a thing as Aryans.
Or 15,000 years later,
then all of this activity.
So this is why it looks--
when you read "The Urantia
Book," you say, man, that's
really harsh that they aborted
the whole plan just because Eve
made one mistake and interbred.
But what happened
was not only did
she pass her genes along and had
a child whose name was Abel--
she had these children,
Cain and Abel--
but also the Nodites
in that tribe,
when they found out
about this betrayal,
went to war against
Eden, Atlantis.
So they penetrated the defenses,
and they wrecked the city.
>>REGINA: OK.
So what kind of-- what kind
of technology in that era
are we talking about?
>>BELITSOS: For weapons?
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>BELITSOS: That I don't know.
I'm sure it was
fairly primitive.
But the Adamites
were not warlike.
So Adam's children and
all of their followers,
most of their followers,
fled before the tribes
overtook the island.
They got out of there.
So then they transfer
their whole operation,
all their cattle,
everything they can.
They flee, and then the Nodite
tribes, these warlike tribes,
swarm over Eden and find all
the artifacts of a great culture
and destroy it.
>>REGINA: So we have a couple
things overlaying here, then.
The attack by the Nodites took
down the civilization, then.
Right?
Because the others had fled.
And we talk about
in-- biblically,
we talk about the fall.
So that would be part of a
biblical version of the fall.
If you look at other--
for lack of a better
word, new ager
historical revisionist
texts and such on Atlantis
from-- through the fabled
Atlantis, we're
talking about a time
that it was a time of
devolution or descension.
Right?
And this would all play
into the same thing.
Is that kind of what--
>>BELITSOS: Yeah,
because if they
have been allowed to
continue to breed children
and had half a million children
who were pure line super race,
I mean, it would have been
a whole different Earth
or Urantia.
We would have had this
masterful genetic upgrade.
And we would have had a kind
of creativity, a kind of humor,
beauty, a more loving
nature, more peaceful nature,
so the animal traits that
we all seem to have--
>>REGINA: Well, those
are the traits you-- that
are supposedly relegated to the
earlier versions of Atlantis,
or the stories of the very
earliest phases of Atlantis
was this very-- everything
you're talking about.
A very plentiful,
sophisticated, beautiful culture
that wasn't steeped in
competition, and yet
was able to continue producing.
Which is interesting.
If you look at
that, what allowed
them to continue producing
and evolving and perfecting
without competition?
Because the whole
competition thing,
I mean, we're learning
now, is a ruse.
>>BELITSOS: Right.
Well--
>>REGINA: It's a
crack in the plan.
>>BELITSOS: In
this version, they
just had to get out of the
way of marauding tribes.
So they move way down to
the Tigris Euphrates Mouth.
It's a long distance from--
it took months to get there.
And they find this area
that's totally fertile,
and there's a few tribes there
who allow them to move in.
And then those tribes
just left, because they
found this incredible
kind of master race.
And they said, we
better get out of here.
So this is completely
empty land, no competition,
for them to build their culture.
And then they-- since Adam
and Eve had already wrecked
their protocol, they
abandoned the protocol,
which was not to
interbreed prematurely-- it
was too late now.
So they interbred with natives.
And secondly, Adam and Eve
were no longer immortals.
So this is the other part.
They were supposed to be
immortal with the tree of life.
But the tree of
life was-- they were
unable to-- not the
tree of life continuum,
but they lost their connection
to the off-planet energetic
source, because they had
defaulted on the basic plan.
But they lived for another--
many hundreds of years.
And so as fast as they
could, they interbred.
So Adam interbred with as--
he impregnated as many women
as he could in the natives
around Mesopotamia.
Thousands.
So those children,
"half-breeds" so to speak,
become a very important kind
of master race for thousands
of years in that area, who
then migrate north and find
the Nodite tribes who are
also genetically advanced,
mix with them around
20 to 15,000 BC,
create a hybrid of the
Nodites, natives, and Adamites.
And that group is
known as the Andites.
And the Andites are the source
of all these other legends.
As they moved to
Europe, moved to Asia,
moved to Egypt,
that's what we think
is the source of even the
Atlantis legend and all
of the other myths
of a primeval utopia
where there's two deities, a
god and goddess, who are giving
civilization and who are
interbreeding, all of that
comes from-- these
garbled legends come down
in all of these civilizations
because of the Andite
migrations.
>>REGINA: Can we assume
that with the Andites
started coming some of the
classic characteristics of more
sophisticated civilizations
in terms of architecture.
The notion of pyramids,
for example, and ziggurats,
and the Hanging
Gardens of Babylon.
Are you saying
that these Andites
are responsible for
these higher traits?
And let's get into
agriculture, too,
>>BELITSOS: That's
what we're saying.
Adam and Eve also
taught agriculture.
So all of the arts of
civilization-- almost all
of them-- that we
have today emanate
from this region of
Mesopotamia, which is basically
what academics will tell you.
But this is much more specific
information and dates,
and specific dates, and
archaeological sites
that we can find.
That we're just
beginning to find,
like Gobekli Tepe and
the Sumerian sites.
Which are much later, but
then definitely hearken back
to this golden age and
this divine couple.
>>REGINA: It's credited
to being Atlantis.
>>BELITSOS: It's credited
by some to be Atlantis.
But according to
Sitchin, this is
Enki and-- I forget the female--
Ekido or whatever her name is.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I just remember
the brothers, Enki and Enlil,
yeah.
>>BELITSOS: There's Enlil.
But there's a divine pair.
>>REGINA: There is.
I've forgotten her name, too.
>>BELITSOS: Analogous
to Isis-Osiris
and all the other ones.
So this is a genetic argument
as well as a cultural theory
of an origin from this region,
but it's going all the way
into Asia, too.
So this Andite migration,
much of it goes into Europe.
Most of it, like 60%
of it goes into Europe.
But a lot of it goes north
into the central areas,
and then from there, across
into Tibet, China, and beyond.
And so this is a
genetically-- frankly,
this is genetically superior
people that are interbreeding.
And the genetic
traits, the higher
traits are getting diluted.
They're getting diluted.
But there's this impulse
for civilization.
So this is where this
notion of regression
comes in, because
they're interbreeding
with lower stocks, so to speak,
to use genetic terminology.
So they're interbreeding
with lesser stocks,
and so you lose
contact with Adam
and Eve's violet genes and
characteristics in energy.
Pretty much lost.
However, there is survival of
small amounts in certain groups
that show up even
into the current time.
For example, the more
adventurous traits
are set to show up
in the British, who
were the first colonizers.
More creative traits
show up here and there
in certain groups.
It's stated that the
Cretan civilization was
a fairly pure line connection.
It was a migrating, benign
group of Andites with Nodites
that had just simply
come across to Crete.
And they start the-- what later
became the Minoan civilization.
So that goes back
about 12,000 years.
And that was a really
advanced civilization,
way ahead of what comes later,
called Greek civilization.
And that's-- so why is it going
down rather than progressing
upward?
Why?
Because--
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that makes sense.
If they-- from
the interbreeding,
that makes absolute sense.
And what's interesting
about all of this
is we've gotten
about as far as we
can through academic studies.
You can only dig so
much, and especially
if your history is either under
the sea or maybe 100 meters
under the surface of the Earth.
So really we are
left, in large part,
to begin looking at
these channeled works.
>>BELITSOS: We all use
channeled works, these days.
It seems like we all do.
>>REGINA: Urantia is a
channeled work, yeah?
>>BELITSOS: Urantia
is channeled.
And then there's much, much more
channeled stuff in the Urantia
tradition now happening.
And I will point out that
I hadn't mentioned to you
that Adam and Eve are back.
>>REGINA: Well, it
wouldn't surprise me.
There a lot of players
here at this point--
>>BELITSOS: Not incarnate.
>>REGINA: --in time,
cosmic and so forth.
Yeah.
>>BELITSOS: And channeling.
And channeling.
And I had a dialogue with Eve
recently, through channeling.
>>REGINA: Tell us about that.
>>BELITSOS: Who is
basically saying this.
That we, Adam and
Eve-- Adam and I
are sorry that we did
not do our job properly.
But we had very
difficult conditions.
We moved to this other
location and did our best
in Mesopotamia.
Then we--
>>REGINA: Tried again.
>>BELITSOS: And
so now, we get two
different-- there's one
version of this through one
channel states-- several
channel states-- that the ET
hybridization
program is something
that Adam and Eve
sponsor and approve of.
It's controversial
in our own community.
Another kind of the
line of transmitted work
is simply saying,
Adam and Eve are here
to bring us energetic gifts.
And that's what I
got in this session.
I got an energy gift
from etheric energy
from Eve, which has
helped my health.
So she's ministering,
unseen, to all of us.
Now we're also told that
they will reincarnate again.
And this is apocryphal stuff
in the Urantia community.
It's not accepted by
many, most, actually.
It is stating that there'll
be new avatars coming
as a compensation
for our losses.
And Adam and Eve will be back,
and a new set of avatars-- I
mentioned the 100.
There's going to be
another group like that
that's coming soon.
They're going to incarnate.
>>REGINA: So will
we recognize them
as being particularly
lovely and vibrant,
maybe a little tinge of violet?
>>BELITSOS: I don't
know about violet race,
but they will be
obviously avatars.
>>REGINA: We'll want
to mate with them,
is what you're saying.
>>BELITSOS: Well
maybe-- I don't think--
I don't know if they're
going to be-- it
hasn't stated they're
going to be mating.
Maybe so.
Because if Adam and Eve came
back, it would be for mating.
And this is a theme
that we were talking
about in the last hour, which
is we've had these defaults.
They're called the double
default of Caligastia
and of Adam and Eve.
And there's
compensations, which are
these blessings that
are extemporaneous, not
done on other planets.
Other planets don't have
incarnations of the sort
that Jesus was.
That's a very, very
high being to incarnate.
It doesn't happen but one in
more than a million planets
does a creator deity incarnate.
He incarnated here because
things were so backward and so
dark that he wanted to
portray the love of God for us
by saying, I'll go
into the worst places,
and I will incarnate and show
myself and teach you about love
and get killed.
He got killed.
And so this is a compensation
for the default of Adam and Eve
and a compensation for
the default of Caligastia.
That is, our celestial host
of the planet was dark.
So Jesus is incarnating
into the middle of this
and being confronted
by these beings.
And the Bible states
that he confronted
Satan on the Mount
Hermon, and also I
think, Lucifer, in the Bible.
I get them mixed up
in "The Urantia Book."
But he ended the Lucifer
rebellion at that point.
So this is the
technical end of it.
>>REGINA: When was that ended?
>>BELITSOS: It's two
stages of ending it.
One is when Jesus incarnates
and is confronted by Caligastia,
Satan, and others.
And he basically puts them
down, and he says, look,
I'm your creator.
I'm your father.
Get you behind me, as
it says in the Bible.
And they just have to pull back.
And then he
technically terminates.
Meaning, their ability
to invade the minds
of people, demonic possession
with their rebel spirits.
So remember, there's rebellious
angels all over the place.
The planet is full
of rebellious spirits
that are possessing
souls or that
are making people do things.
Actually, literally,
whispering to people
to do things that are dark,
that are manipulative,
to build power bases.
This is what these
rebel spirits would do.
So they ended the possibility
of that technically,
by cutting off all the
energetic connections there
that people-- that they
could make to your mind
at the moment of Pentecost.
So at the moment of Pentecost
is when this technically
was impossible for
demonic possession,
unless you requested it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Unless-- yes.
On a more conscious level,
you brought that frequency in.
Then now, I mean, my mind's
kind of hopping all over
as we're doing this.
So let's say that
that direct interface
with the human mind
on that demonic level
was en masse ended back then.
OK?
Today it shows up-- and we
talked about Illuminati.
We talked about bloodlines.
We talked about dominion,
domination of the planet
through all of the
existing systems.
Now we look at that intrusion
into the mind via media
and those in power and
control and moneyed
to control the media
and the message.
And would you say that's kind
of a Nodite or Nodite invasion
or expression on the planet?
>>BELITSOS: You've
got two lines going.
You've got the line of blessing
and the line of Lucifer.
So after the
incarnation of Christ,
the Illuminati
bloodlines are still
quite active in
controlling things.
And they took over the Christian
religion, more or less.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
the Vatican and such.
>>BELITSOS: And et cetera.
But the pure line Illuminati
have other concerns as well,
which is wealth and power.
However, this Holy
Spirit outpouring,
because Christ incarnated
here, is the perfect antidote
to that.
So if you call upon the Holy
Spirit and the other powers,
the spirit of truth, then
this-- it's no match.
The influence of
Lucifer and Caligastia
is no match for that.
So what these
Illuminati bloodlines
have to do is become
much more cultish
and to cultivate a
connection to the satanic
and in much more
deliberate ways,
in order to box in their
adherence from the influence
of the Holy Spirit.
And that's why they do
these dissociative practices
in these cults, in
these satanic cults.
>>REGINA: Some of this is
written about-- the book's
going to be coming out
in a couple of months,
by Barbara Hand Clow, called
"The Ruby Crystal," which
goes into these
darker practices that
happened on the darker aspect
of the goings on at the Vatican.
>>BELITSOS: Oh, the Vatican.
Yeah, probably the case.
And certainly in many,
many, many, many locations.
So these are the nodes
of the Illuminati,
where they generate Manchurian
candidates, for example.
And so that's how this is
done behind the scenes.
This is how you can do
false flag operations.
You have Manchurian candidates.
You have people doing
assassinations that don't even
know what they're doing.
You have-- somebody invades
the parliament of Canada,
it's probably a
Manchurian Candidate.
And so this is the cultivation
of this ever more sort
of painted into a corner
now are those Luciferians.
But they have a lot
of money, and they
have a lot of influence in
important places, Washington,
New York, and--
>>REGINA: Well, they must,
because the average person
feels, what's the point?
You can't fight them.
You know, the whole
death and taxes,
and you don't have any say.
You don't have any control.
Politics is corrupt.
The average person is left
feeling rather defeated
as a result of that.
So in this-- we
have some time left.
How would you frame
the resurrection
of the human spirit
above and beyond all
of this to essentially
triumph over these darker
messages, these darker
feelings of hopelessness
that the vast majority of
people are encumbered with?
>>BELITSOS: I say in
my forthcoming book
that there's a double
default of that,
of Adam and Eve and Caligastia.
But there's a triple blessing.
The first of the
triple blessings
is the incarnation of a
creator being, Christ.
The second one is the gift
of the Urantia revelation.
It's not just that book
alone, but its related texts
like "Course in Miracles."
These are giftings to
compensate for what
we lost out in in prehistory.
There's all this Holy Spirit
energy that's a gifting.
Then the third great gifting,
the Epochal, is coming now.
And this is called
the Correcting Time.
So this is the post
Urantia revelations.
So this is controversial
with the Urantia people.
This is called the Correcting
Time in its umbrella,
but under it there
are two big missions.
One mission is known as
the teaching mission,
and the second mission is known
as the Magisterial Mission.
The Teaching Mission is
angelic and ascended masters,
angelic beings and
ascended beings,
ascended humans,
coming back to teach.
And they're teaching
based on the Urantia text.
So they have the textbook
of "The Urantia Book,"
and they're teaching
from the text.
And that's gone on since
1987, and I published
a number of the books.
Secondly is the next phase of
that, which is called, again,
the Magisterial Mission, which
is a new set of avatars coming
to teach us the really advanced
things that we should already
know.
But along with that is
the unconscious aspect
of the Correcting Time.
So the Correcting Time really,
in a sense, has three parts.
There's the explicit
Teaching Mission,
the explicit
Magisterial Mission,
and then there's the
angelic influence
being tuned up on all
leaders throughout the world,
on all of us.
They're tuning up.
They're actually planting,
all the time, ideas.
And take somebody like Gorbachev
is a good example of somebody
who just got this idea,
well, we have to reform.
And it's said that he
had angelic appearances,
and there's a whole
story about this.
That he was told to do
this by higher forces.
And that sort of thing is
what-- and the Correcting Time
begins when Russia falls.
When USSR falls.
That's the beginning
of the Correcting Time.
So this is a clearing out.
But there's an
interventionist aspect
of this, where these
beings announce themselves,
and they are transmitting
ideas, and they're
getting ready to incarnate.
And this is much more
preponderant than the power
of the Illuminati,
which is reducing,
because the universe-- sort of
the good guys of the universe
are swarming planet Earth,
so that once and for all,
this blight can be
overcome through grace,
through this blessing.
And this is where, in our
case, we need a compensation.
Because particularly after 9/11,
we were way on the defense.
We, the good guys,
were on the defensive.
Because 9/11 gave them
all the money and power
they needed for
the war on terror.
And so this is when
the signal went up.
We need even more intervention.
Because Illuminati could, for a
time, for a couple generations,
could really run
this world and throw
in transhumanist
technologies, mind control,
you name it, biotechnology to--
>>REGINA: Because
the entire population
was in a trance from
the trauma of it all.
That's a very good time to
start implanting new messages.
>>BELITSOS: Yeah.
So in the fear-- and
this is what they do.
They foment conflict,
and in the middle
of the shock of this, the
Shock Doctrine, if you will,
that's when they put their
backward-- their regressive
notions of unfettered
capitalism,
of dictatorships of some kind.
So they shock us
into submission.
But the blessing blesses
us into empowerment.
So you've got these two forces.
And right now, it
looks like they're not
sure who is going to win.
Because the blessing is not
intrusive like the dark side.
>>REGINA: The control, the
explicit control, yeah.
>>BELITSOS: It
violates old laws,
universe laws, free will,
mind control, all the stuff,
satanic cult. I mean, that
stuff is all manip-- so it looks
like you can't win, because
they have all the tools and all
the money.
So this is being
shown to the universe.
And we're told in
recent transmissions,
planets all over the
universe and higher worlds
are watching Earth to see
how this drama plays out.
Because there rarely is a
place like planet Earth, where
the first intervention's
completely defaulted.
Where the things
that were supposed
to happen for building of
the arts of civilization
and for the genetic pool, those
things were lost and diluted.
So then you just basically--
you're winging it.
So that's why these blessings--
and so the final big blessing,
and what I call the third
blessing, is just ramping up.
And so that's why
I feel it's a gift
to be here to talk about
"The Urantia Book," which
is the underlying text, but
it's not the whole story
in "The Urantia Book."
>>REGINA: Well, it sounds like,
with these three blessings,
that is a return to what
many call the Golden Age,
although, we can't expect this
is going to happen overnight.
Over time, a return to what
was called the Golden Age.
What was-- a return to what we
could call the Garden of Eden
or the garden of Atlantis
in its highest culture,
before, as you say, the
intermingling of not just
blood, but of agendas.
>>BELITSOS: Well, it's
just like Joni Mitchell
singing about we've got
to get back to the garden.
>>REGINA: We've gotta
get back to the garden.
>>BELITSOS: And this is what
the hippies were dreaming of,
getting back to
this Eden utopia.
But it's going to be
on a much higher--
it's going to be planet-wide.
>>REGINA: So people that want
to go start exploring this,
you say a lot of the
evidence is, physically,
off the coast of Cyprus.
That's where some of it is.
And then in other
lure, it's still also
further out to the west,
out into the Atlantic.
And it may be all of
the above are true.
Can you talk just a little
bit about that archaeology?
We got into the
humanistic element of it.
>>BELITSOS: Our group put
together two expeditions
to the site, which
is underwater now.
So this is the
land, the peninsula
that joins Syria to Cyprus.
And we now know from
research that-- and this is
academic research-- that
this is a sunken continent.
It's a small continent
that sunk one mile down.
So if "The Urantia
Book" is right,
there should be artifacts
and walls down there, even
though it's a lot
of silt. I think
they said 10 miles
of silt above it.
So you're not going
to see too much.
So you need to have special
digital devices that
are called side scan sonars
and sub-bottom profilers.
And these are new things
used in oil exploration.
And we found artifacts that
can't possibly be explained.
And this was covered all over
the world in 2004, 2005, 2006.
That what looks like
a wall that's straight
that goes a mile
and a half is there
next to this Temple Mount,
we call it, Acropolis Hill,
as Plato called it.
And it's impossible to be
anything but a human formation.
And it's one mile down, and
this is where "The Urantia
Book" said it would be.
I mean, there, exactly
where it said it would be,
would be this wall.
But now we think that the wall
is not exactly this location,
but this is actually
a-- now, this
is not as glorious sounding.
We think this is a conduit of a
sewage conduit out of the city.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
read that. [LAUGHS]
>>BELITSOS: And because it says
there was a very long sewage--
covered sewage conduit
that went all the way out
toward Syria into the
river outside the walls
of Eden/Atlantis.
>>REGINA: And this was
through Solon's work
and the various clues that
were left behind by Plato.
>>BELITSOS: Plato-- no, this
now does not match Plato.
This matches Urantia.
>>REGINA: Urantia, OK.
>>BELITSOS: Urantia
said it had these roads.
It had these canals.
Plato said there were
canals, but Plato didn't
say there was a sewage canal.
But it's a canal.
And so this thing
is so straight,
and it turns at a right angle.
And it's where
"The Urantia Book"
said these things would be.
And so it fits--
>>REGINA: So there is some
sophisticated, ancient
civilization down there.
>>BELITSOS:
Something's down there.
And--
>>REGINA: We don't know if
we can call it Atlantis,
but maybe, from some of
those clues left behind.
>>BELITSOS: It's logical to
associate it with the Urantia
version, since that's where they
said it-- so they call it Eden.
So let's just call it Garden
of Eden, which was abandoned,
because of the war they had.
But these artifacts had been
constructed for over a period
of hundreds of years.
So they're pretty elaborate.
So if we could get a
submarine down there,
then we'll have the
oldest archaeological site
in the world will be excavated.
Of course, it will
be underwater.
And so this is what we're saying
is the archaeological evidence.
There's one other
item, if we have time.
>>REGINA: Let's go ahead.
>>BELITSOS: Adam and Eve
were injecting their DNA
into the gene pool.
It is now known that there
was an upgrade, significant
upgrade, in brain
genetics 37,000 years ago,
and this is called the
microcephalin gene.
This was discovered by
very advanced geneticists
at the University of Chicago.
And it was very--
almost scandalous,
because it said that certain
groups got this gene and others
didn't.
And we know from
"The Urantia Book"
that these Andites that I
mentioned, who had this gene,
went throughout the
world and intermarried.
But they didn't get
into certain locations.
So this research was shut
down at University of Chicago.
But it was definitive,
and it showed
that the source of this
gene, the single gene which
causes the brain
to get bigger, is
a single source, a single
person, 37,000 years ago
in Mesopotamia.
So this correlates
perfectly with Adam and Eve.
Actually, a couple
rather than one person.
So statistically, it's the same.
So this is a source-- this
is an objective scientific
corroboration of a
genetic enhancement that
was significant for
improved cognition.
So we have two pieces
of scientific evidence.
And this is why the History
Channel picked this up.
Because you need to have
something other than channeled
works.
>>REGINA: Yes, you do.
I mean, this is the convergence
of the two right now,
and I go with both.
Bring it all in and let
everybody make their own minds
up on this.
And as far as what
you're talking
about in this upgrade to the
brain and all of the Urantia
work around the various races
and genetics and so forth,
I think we have to mature a
little bit, both emotionally
and politically, before most
people can really start delving
in and embracing this work.
>>BELITSOS: It gets-- because--
>>REGINA: It becomes
judgemental at face value,
but there is no
judgment in any of it.
>>BELITSOS: We're not-- that's
a really good point, Regina.
Because we're not
really-- I mean,
the Urantia thing itself
has been basically shut out
of the media, for example.
Because either people
emotionally can't handle this--
>>REGINA: It's not
politically correct.
>>BELITSOS: --or it's
not politically correct,
or the Illuminati are
acting to shut it down.
And we know that we
were under surveillance
when we did the expeditions,
and that's a whole nother story.
So we have to be gentle
with putting this--
and not dogmatic.
And I try not to be.
I get passionate
and fervent, but we
have to allow that we may be
wrong, because there's so much
inconsistency in these stories.
>>REGINA: That's
why again, I see
it as a-- doing my
interviews, I see
is essentially creating a
mosaic of various reflections,
both scientifically and divinely
inspired or however inspired,
so that people can
start connecting
the dots for themselves.
And you've added a
really big piece to that.
>>BELITSOS: The researchers out
there that are younger than us
who will, in the
next generation--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
They're going to
stumble on great stuff.
>>BELITSOS: --and they're
going to-- this stuff
that we're putting
out there, they're
going to connect the
dots, and they're
going to call it something
other than ancient astronauts.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
[LAUGHS] And that's the
point, to pass it on.
Well, we've been
all over the map,
literally, in this conversation.
And I want to thank you so much.
Once again, very intriguing.
>>BELITSOS: It's been
great to be here.
Thank you so much, Regina.
What a pleasure.
>>REGINA: To learn more
about the ancient accounts
of Eden/Atlantis, you can
find the book the "Discovery
of Atlantis; the Startling
Case for the Island of Cyprus"
through any major bookseller
and through evolving-souls.org.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]